src/gear.md, before:

# Gear {.breakbefore #step-gear }

When you first create your Survivor, you're given a suit of armor and
two or three weapons, as shown on the page for your class. 

If you don't like the results you rolled, you can spend one Kit before 
your mission to change those to another option on your list.

After each Op you have the option to spend 1 Kit each to change your armor
or weapon for any others, including those that aren't on your starting
gear list.

## Armor {#toc-armor }

Armor is *ablative*. meaning that when it protects you, it becomes weaker.
A new suit of armor starts out with a full set of charges, and you can repair
it between Ops to reset those charges to their maximum values.

::::::::::::: {.infolist  } ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
- **Assault Armor** Ignore 1 Harm per attack (6 charges)
- **Energy Siphon** Ignore Burn, Pulse, or Shock Harm (3 charges)
- **Stealthsuit** Ignore Harm from *far* sources (3 charges)
- **Tactical Vest** Ignore Harm from *close* sources (3 charges)
- **Vacsuit** You don't get KIA if your ship is destroyed (1 charge)
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

::::::::::::: {.infolist .breakable} ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
## Weapons {#toc-weapons }

Each weapon lists the ranges at which it can be used -- *close*, *mid*,
and *far* -- as well as the damage and any Weapon Tags (see below).

- **Autolaser**         *mid* Harm 2, Autofire, Burn
- **Autorifle**         *mid* Harm 1, Autofire, Heavy
- **Bow**               *mid, far* Harm 1, Reload
- **Flamethrower**      *close* Harm 2, AOE, Burn
- **Frag Grenade**      *close* Harm 1, Exploding, Friendly-Fire, Single-Use
- **Grenade Mortar**    *mid* Harm 3, Exploding, Reload, Tactical
- **Laser Grenade**     *close* Harm 1, AOE, Burn, Friendly-Fire, Single-Use
- **Laser Pistol**      *close* Harm 1, Handgun, Burn
- **Laser Rifle**       *mid, far* Harm 2, Burn
- **Pulse Grenade**     *close* Harm 1, AOE, EMP, Friendly-Fire, Single-Use
- **Pulse Pistol**      *close* Harm 1, EMP, Handgun
- **Pulse Rifle**       *mid* Harm 2, EMP, Heavy
- **Rocket Launcher**   *mid* Harm 3, Exploding, Heavy, Reload
- **SMG**               *close, mid* Harm 1, Autofire
- **Shotgun**           *close* Harm 2
- **Slug Pistol**       *close* Harm 1, Handgun
- **Slug Rifle**        *mid, far* Harm 2, Heavy
- **Sniper Rifle**      *far* Harm 2, Scope, Tactical
- **Taser Pistol**      *close* Harm 1, Handgun, Shock           
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
 
::::::::::::: {.infolist .breakable } ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
## Weapon Tags {#toc-weapon-tags .colbefore}

These tags apply to both personal weaponry and weapons on spacecraft
[](#step-ship){.page}.

- **AOE** Affects multiple targets.
- **Autofire** Can hit multiple targets.
- **Burn** Does burn damage.
- **EMP**  Does pulse damage.
- **Exploding** Does explosive damage against multiple targets.
- **Friendly Fire** Targets allies in the range band.
- **Handgun** +1 Harm when fired with Gyro.
- **Heavy** +1 Harm when fired with Thrust.
- **Piercing** Ignores Resist.
- **Reload** Sometimes requires reloading.
- **Scope** Does +1 Harm if you remain stationary when firing.
- **Self-Destructive** Damages wielder.
- **Single-Use** You can only use this weapon once.
- **Shock** Does shock damage.
- **Tactical** Does +1 Harm when fired with Telemetry.
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::: { .infolist .unbreakable } ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
## Other Items {#toc-gear-other .colbefore}

[]{.gamename} isn't a subtle game. You get a mission, go in, kill robots,
and get out. There's not a lot of room for the niceties -- your Survivors
are Resistance freedom fighters constantly on the run. There's not a need
for specialized equipment.
We assume your Survivor has the basics to do their jobs:

- **Clothes and a Backpack**
- **A Toolkit** for basic repairs
- **Water/Rations** dried "astronaut food"
- **A Map** of the mission area

If you need anything else, you can spend 1 Kit before or during the
mission to say you brought it with you.
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

Commit message:

Fights, MCs, Ops, Med Patch, Names

src/gear.md, after:

# Gear {.breakbefore #step-gear }

When you first create your Survivor, you're given a suit of armor and
two or three weapons, as shown on the page for your class. 

If you don't like the results you rolled, you can spend one Kit before 
your mission to change those to another option on your list.

After each Op you have the option to spend 1 Kit each to change your armor
or weapon for any others, including those that aren't on your starting
gear list.

## Armor {#toc-armor }

Armor is *ablative*. meaning that when it protects you, it becomes weaker.
A new suit of armor starts out with a full set of charges, and you can repair
it between Ops to reset those charges to their maximum values.

::::::::::::: {.infolist  } ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
- **Assault Armor** Ignore 1 Harm per attack (6 charges)
- **Energy Siphon** Ignore Burn, Pulse, or Shock Harm (3 charges)
- **Stealthsuit** Ignore Harm from *far* sources (3 charges)
- **Tactical Vest** Ignore Harm from *close* sources (3 charges)
- **Vacsuit** You don't get KIA if your ship is destroyed (1 charge)
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

::::::::::::: {.infolist .breakable} ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
## Weapons {#toc-weapons }

Each weapon lists the ranges at which it can be used -- *close*, *mid*,
and *far* -- as well as the damage and any Weapon Tags (see below).

- **Autolaser**         *mid* Harm 2, Autofire, Burn
- **Autorifle**         *mid* Harm 1, Autofire, Heavy
- **Bow**               *mid, far* Harm 1, Reload
- **Flamethrower**      *close* Harm 2, AOE, Burn
- **Frag Grenade**      *close* Harm 1, Exploding, Friendly-Fire, Single-Use
- **Grenade Mortar**    *mid* Harm 3, Exploding, Reload, Tactical
- **Laser Grenade**     *close* Harm 1, AOE, Burn, Friendly-Fire, Single-Use
- **Laser Pistol**      *close* Harm 1, Handgun, Burn
- **Laser Rifle**       *mid, far* Harm 2, Burn
- **Pulse Grenade**     *close* Harm 1, AOE, EMP, Friendly-Fire, Single-Use
- **Pulse Pistol**      *close* Harm 1, EMP, Handgun
- **Pulse Rifle**       *mid* Harm 2, EMP, Heavy
- **Rocket Launcher**   *mid* Harm 3, Exploding, Heavy, Reload
- **SMG**               *close, mid* Harm 1, Autofire
- **Shotgun**           *close* Harm 2
- **Slug Pistol**       *close* Harm 1, Handgun
- **Slug Rifle**        *mid, far* Harm 2, Heavy
- **Sniper Rifle**      *far* Harm 2, Scope, Tactical
- **Taser Pistol**      *close* Harm 1, Handgun, Shock           
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
 
::::::::::::: {.infolist .breakable } ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
## Weapon Tags {#toc-weapon-tags .colbefore}

These tags apply to both personal weaponry and weapons on spacecraft
[](#step-ship){.page}.

- **AOE** Affects multiple targets.
- **Autofire** Can hit multiple targets.
- **Burn** Does burn damage.
- **EMP**  Does pulse damage.
- **Exploding** Does explosive damage against multiple targets.
- **Friendly Fire** Targets allies in the range band.
- **Handgun** +1 Harm when fired with Gyro.
- **Heavy** +1 Harm when fired with Thrust.
- **Piercing** Ignores Resist.
- **Reload** Sometimes requires reloading.
- **Scope** Does +1 Harm if you remain stationary when firing.
- **Self-Destructive** Damages wielder.
- **Single-Use** You can only use this weapon once.
- **Shock** Does shock damage.
- **Tactical** Does +1 Harm when fired with Telemetry.
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::: { .infolist .unbreakable } ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
## Other Items {#toc-gear-other .colbefore}

[]{.gamename} isn't a subtle game. You get a mission, go in, kill robots,
and get out. There's not a lot of room for the niceties -- your Survivors
are Resistance freedom fighters constantly on the run. There's not a need
for specialized equipment.
We assume your Survivor has the basics to do their jobs:

- **Clothes and a Backpack**
- **A Toolkit** for basic repairs
- **Water/Rations** dried "astronaut food"
- **A Map** of the mission area

If you need anything else, you can spend 1 Kit before or during the
mission to say you brought it with you.

### Med Patch {#toc-gear-med-patch}

Med patches are one-shot sources of Health that are in high demand but
limited quantities among the Resistance. 

When they take their turn, 
a Survivor can use one on themselves or on another Survivor -- this doesn't
use up their opportunity to attack during a turn, although they can only use
one Med Patch each turn.

A Med Patch heals 1 Health and then is used up.
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
